Today, my story background is a boss Lee asks his subordinate Johnson to arrange the annual engineer seminar, I will show you two different occasions, 
Occasion 1, Lee said: Johnson, here comes the annual seminal, so please arrange it.
J: ok	, he ready to go for implement the task.
L: Come back,please repeat what I have said.
J:You asked me to arrange for the annual engineer seminar,is that right?
Lee nodded his head.
J:Then can I go to do the task now?
L:(think a while),:Not in a rush, so do you know my purpose for the seminar you are going to arrange?
J:I think the purpose for the seminal is strength our reputation for our product in the market, is that right?
L (nodded head again)
J: then I can go for the task now?
L:oh, come back, what kinds of situation you will meet? And in what kinds of situation you will report to me? Then what situation you can make decision by yourself?
J: generally, I will entercount the following situations, a for ****, b for ****, c for ***, d for ***, if I meet A and b, I think I can make decision by myself, if I meet C and d, I must report to you immediatery, is it okay?
Lee nodded his head. 
When J is going to leave Lee’s office
L raised his voice: Hey, comeback, if you are going to lead the project, what’s your opinions or good actions to take?,
J have a deep think for a while, he gives his opinions and actions to take, and L give comments for his thoughts. All things clear, Then J goes for implement the task accordingly.

Occasion 2:
L: hear is the task for you, please finished it on time.
J: yes, got it, J take the information profile, and go to do it according his understanding for the paper information.
Three days later, Lee talk with J
Hey, what did you do? I didn’t receive any feedback from you.
J:you didn’t required feedback, I have done it , 
L:then why you ask the admin team to booking the luxry place, this have over our budget for the seminal
J:I think we have no budget limitation for the seminal, I just want to achieve our target to gain a good reputation.
L was angry for the result, he said loudly to J: go out. close my door.

See, different leader style, different result, you may feel there is a little tedious talking between L and J, But everything goes well according the expectation, so repeating is necessary in our daily work, repeating is a declaration to understand the task well, repeating is an emphasis  to you to take a caution attitude.
