# Who Am I?

## 1
It’s my pleasure to make a speech here! 

Today, my topic is “Who am I”, so let me talk about myself. 

I’m Tina, from Guangchang county, Jiangxi province. (Is there anyone in the room from Jiangxi?) 

You may have heard of some places of Jiangxi, such as Nanchang, Jinggangshan, Wuyuan, Ganzhou and so on. 

The popular fruit—赣南脐橙 is from Jiangxi. 

My hometown, Guangchang, located in the middle of Jiangxi, it has lots of mountains.
There are not too many industries, so the air quality is very good, the sky is always blue. 
The specialty of Guangchang is lotus nut (莲子)，do you know 银耳莲子羹，it means that kind of 莲子. ???

Guangchang was rewarded with the Largest Lotus field by Guinness World Records in 2016. 

So when the lotus is in bloom in the summer, it attracts huge numbers of tourists to see the beautiful scene. 
“接天莲叶无穷碧，映日荷花别样红”, the poem perfectly describes the scene.

## 2
Many people like cooking, such as Andy talked last time, he enjoys making foods for his family and they like it.
It’s lovely. 

Not too often I also do some dishes for my family.
But comparing to cooking, I prefer to do the cleaning after the meal. 

I believe that most of you don't like the cleaning task.

But I do. I like to wash the dishes to make them clean.
And, I like to clean the kitchen as well. That lets my husband and my father-in-law have a clean place to cook. 

You know, a clean and comfortable environment can make people feel good.
When people in a good mood, they tend to make more delicious food. 

Another reason I like to do the cleaning because when I finish cooking, I often feel full even I don't really eat anything.
Have you ever have the same feeling like this?

So if I have a choice, to do the cleaning after a meal is more preferable than cooking.
