# Who am I?

## 1
Hello, Everyone, this time my speech topic is 'Who I am'. My name is Leon, First I want tell you 
why I choose "Leon" as my English name. This name came from a movie named 'LEON'. I guess most of us know its Chinese name.,and its Chinese name  is "This Killer is not too cold". It is a love story as well as a action movie. Leon in the movie is a professional killer. In his life , his only job is finish the task the boss assign to him. But after he met the main actress, he found life is more beautiful than before, and at last leon sacrificed himself for the actress. when I saw the movie ,I was deeply affected by leon. He can do anything for love even lose his life. He was a real man. 
Another reason I choose Leon, because my Chinese name is Liang, it sounds like 'Leon'. So , English name or chinese name , no matter which one you call me, they sounds the same.
So these two points, I choose Leon as my English name.

## 2
and then I want to talk why I want to improve English. As ERP software engineer, I need to discuss requirement with people from different departments, and I sometimes I need to communicate with the client from other countries. During the communication, if you cannot understand clearly what the client says, just say 'Execuse me' , 'Pardon' , the client will think that you are not a professional engineer. So English is very important in my job.  And I think English is not only important in software industry, but also is important in other industries. There is a just simple example here, I remember some years ago, I worked in ShangHai, because we just graduated from school, and don't have much money, I rented a apartment with several strangers together. Everyone lived in a small room. It’s a hard time for me. I found a person listened English every morning. one day , I asked him why he studied so hard. He told me ,He was a barber, He was  the only person who can speak English in his shop, so If foreigner came to his barber shop ,he could offer better service than others, because he can communicate with them in English, and he could earn more than others. If I had realized the importance of English then, maybe I will earn more now.:) . Luckily , it not too late to learn, and I join TMC.  

## 3
In life , I’m not very extroverted, and also not introverted, maybe just between them.  Before I had my baby, I am relatively free. I can do anything I like. Watching movie, playing computer games, go hiking  , etc.  However. After I had my daughter, I have no much time to play outside. I spend more time with my family. When my daughter went to school, I need to help my daughter with her study. When I taught my baby , I also learn a lot. For example, Some poems which I almost forgot, now I can recite again, it’s really interesting. On the other hand, I also like sport. I go to gym three or four times a week .  Excising is a good method to release pressure for me and keep my body healthy. When you do your best to work out and sweat in the gym, the feeling is really great. Even though I may feel muscle pain next day, I still think it is worth doing it.

## 4
OK, this is me ‘Leon’. Maybe now you can know who I am , and why I stand here. Hope we can make progress together. 
