## Stay Healthy

Good evening!

I am going to introduce something about our health, focus on chronic disease.

Let’s take some questions to start:

1. Are chronic diseases far away from us?
2. I am still young and healthy. Do I need to learn health prevention?
3. What causes chronic diseases?
4. With better living conditions, the probability of suffering from chronic diseases will be lower and lower, right?

Let’s look at some data.

The first picture shows us the proportion of death, and Chronic disease accounts for 85% of deaths.

The second picture tells us 45% of people with chronic disease will die before the age of 70.

Let’s look at the next  pie chart, premature deaths due to chronic disease accounts for 75%

And the last one, the government spending budget on chronic disease, accounts for 70% of the total disease burden.

On this trend chart we can get some information:
From 2003 to 2013, in ten years, the rate of chronic disease has increased more than doubled.
The rate of disease increased with age and compared to 30 and 60 years of age, and prevalence has increased fivefold. 

To illustrate the prevalence of chronic, let’s check data of hypertension, there are 1.4 billion people in our country. You might not know, there are 165 million people with hypertension. 

And these data show us the distribution of hypertensive patients.
Surprisingly, the countryside is higher than in the city
 

Another statistic is diabetes. In 1980, the prevalence of diabetes was only 0.67 percent. But by 2010, that figure had increased to 11.6%. 
What happened in these years? 
Is medical care getting worse? 
Of course Not.

Some data tell us some reasons.
There are three categories: 
awareness rate, 
treatment rate, 
and control rate. 

We can learn something from the data.
It’s very low for all of them, especially the awareness rate.

Imagine that someone doesn’t know he is sick, how could he get medical attention and be cured. 

Based on the data, do you know what causes the increase in chronic diseases? 
Tell me! 
Yeah!
The answer is the medical care is getting better, and more people are diagnosed as sick.
However, it is just one of many reasons.

My primary purpose in this speech is to tell us about the prevalence of chronic diseases.

I hope we can be aware of it.
When necessary, get proper treatment and control it.
Let all of us stay healthy.
Thank you.
